we're going to be showing you how to get
have a mess on your original iphone
first thing you're going to need is a
jailbroken iphone 2g a service provider
that actually supports mms like-
t-mobile and you must be subscribed to
this channel that's probably the most
necessary step for this to actually work
as any people who try this without
subscribing didn't work so first thing
you want to do is open up cydia up here
depending along it's been to do last
opened it this can take a while so just
be patient let it load through now we're
going to go to search and we're going to
search for activate to mms 2 g it's
right up there so click that and hit
install now before we confirm this let's
make sure you're on the 2g you've grown
a 3g or the 3gs this will break your
iphone so do not hit confirm unless
you're on the iphone 2g so now to
confirm since around the iphone 2g and
while this is loading up why don't you
go ahead and follow my twitter at
twitter.com/worldsdumbest
now let's go ahead and reboot the device
now let's review it let's go ahead and
unlock the phone and let's go to
settings inside let's go to general
network and its cellular data network
now you have your mms options open so
depending on your carrier these will be
different i'll have a link to all the
popular ones in the sidebar with all
their information after you're finished
you want to go ahead and hit network at
the top and go home and now we're just
going to go ahead and restart our iphone
once again
now that I phones restarted we're going
to go to messages
and then we're going to hit this photo
icon down there hit take photo is
existing and congratulations on your ms
supported iphone 2g